Add english translation of chapter 3 : Optimize the user journey (#418)
cnumr/best-practices: chapters/BP_003_en.md

## Optimize the user journey

### Identifiers

| GreenIT |  V2  |  V3  |  V4  |
|:-------:|:----:|:----:|:----:|
|   111   | 3  | 3  |      |

### Categories

|  Life cycle   |     Tiers     |  Responsible   |
|:-------------:|:-------------:|:--------------:|

> | 2. Conception | User / device | UX/UI Designer |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2. Design | User / device | UX/UI Designer |
```

### Indications

| Priority | Implementation difficulty |  Ecological impact   |
|:--------:|:-------------------------:|:--------------------:|
|     5    |            4              |          5           |

|                Resources saved                |
|:---------------------------------------------:|
| Processor / RAM / Storage / Network / Queries |

### Description

Optimizing the user journey consists in reducing the time spent by the user on his most frequent use cases. 

Start by identifying the most frequent uses cases, then optimize them, by reducing the number of steps and 

> actions, eliminating the unnecessary, identifying the cases of failure, optimizing response times, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
actions, eliminating unnecessary ones, identifying the failure cases, optimizing response times, etc.
```

> A path is well designed when the program behaves exactly as the user expects it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user journey is well designed when the program behaves exactly as the user expects it.
```

> A path is well designed when the program behaves exactly as the user imagined it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A path is well designed when the program behaves exactly as the user expects it.
```

The observation of the people using the service is a straightforward way to identify the points of friction, but user tests,
realised with real random users from the field are much more interesting. People working on and around the product
tend to be power users.

> The time spent by the user on his terminal is the second post in terms of environmental impacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time spent by the user on the terminal is the second largest environmental impact.
```

### Exemple

On e-commerce services : 
* Propose a new order based on the content of the previous order.
* Allow the users to buy things without registration
* Allow the user to Copy/Paste his or her IBAN directly rather than uploading it.
* Highlight the most used fields or filters.

### Validation rules

> | The number of   | is below or equal to |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The number of   | is equal to or less than |  
```
